README.md, before:

# knbnBrd

knbnBrd is a kanban board manager command written in Bash

<a href="./LICENSE"><img src="https://img.shields.io/github/license/Greenlandicsmiley/knbnBrd?color=Green&style=flat-square"></a>
<a href="https://github.com/Greenlandicsmiley/knbnBrd/releases/latest"><img src="https://img.shields.io/github/v/tag/Greenlandicsmiley/knbnBrd?color=Green&label=version&style=flat-square"></a>
<img src="https://img.shields.io/github/languages/top/Greenlandicsmiley/knbnBrd?color=Green&label=bash&style=flat-square">
<img src="https://i.imgur.com/KTpI8gj.png" height="360px" align="right">

### Requirements

Coreutils, Bash

### Description
In an effort to further understand and learn bash scripting within Linux, 
I have created this kanban board manager

Using the command `knbn`, you can:
- Add tasks to columns
- Add notes to tasks
- List tasks
- Remove tasks
- Remove notes from tasks
- Move tasks from one column to another
- Wipe columns of all tasks.

Run `knbn help` to learn the syntax

GPLv3 notice can be printed by running `knbn notice`

Track feature progress at:
- https://github.com/Greenlandicsmiley/knbnBrd/projects/1

### Installation
Download the latest release
- https://github.com/Greenlandicsmiley/knbnBrd/releases/latest

Install the script
- Make `configure` executable, idk how to not require this elp
- Run `./configure` inside the script directory
- Run `make install` inside the script directory

**NOTE:** You may have to run this as root.

### Updating the script
Download latest release
- https://github.com/Greenlandicsmiley/knbnBrd/releases/latest

Run `make update` in the script directory

**NOTE:** You may have to run this as root.

### Uninstall
- Run `make uninstall` or `knbn uninstall` to uninstall the script

**NOTE:** You may have to run either as root.

Commit message:

Updated how boards are stored
I have moved from storing boards to ~/.local/share/knbnBrd instead of /opt/knbnBrd. This will enable for multiple users to use the command. New users can run knbn --create-dir to create their board.
There are now 4 new variables that were used in multiple commands to reduce unnecessary repitition.
New location for license, notice, and examples.
Now using return and exit to reduce if statements.
Instead of using the long knbn_board/arg_column, column_file is in use to make lines shorter.
Omitting column name when adding tasks now works.

README.md, after:

# knbnBrd

knbnBrd is a kanban board manager command written in Bash

<a href="./LICENSE"><img src="https://img.shields.io/github/license/Greenlandicsmiley/knbnBrd?color=Green&style=flat-square"></a>
<a href="https://github.com/Greenlandicsmiley/knbnBrd/releases/latest"><img src="https://img.shields.io/github/v/tag/Greenlandicsmiley/knbnBrd?color=Green&label=version&style=flat-square"></a>
<img src="https://img.shields.io/github/languages/top/Greenlandicsmiley/knbnBrd?color=Green&label=bash&style=flat-square">
<img src="https://i.imgur.com/KTpI8gj.png" height="360px" align="right">

### Requirements

Coreutils, Bash

### Description
In an effort to further understand and learn bash scripting within Linux, 
I have created this kanban board manager

Using the command `knbn`, you can:
- Add tasks to columns
- Add notes to tasks
- List tasks
- Remove tasks
- Remove notes from tasks
- Move tasks from one column to another
- Wipe columns of all tasks.

Run `knbn help` to learn the syntax

GPLv3 notice can be printed by running `knbn notice`

Track feature progress at:
- https://github.com/Greenlandicsmiley/knbnBrd/projects/1

### Installation
Download the latest release
- https://github.com/Greenlandicsmiley/knbnBrd/releases/latest

Install the script
- Make `configure` executable, idk how to not require this elp
- Run `./configure` inside the script directory
- Run `make install` inside the script directory

**NOTE:** You may have to run this as root.

### Updating the script
Download latest release
- https://github.com/Greenlandicsmiley/knbnBrd/releases/latest

Run `make update` in the script directory

**NOTE:** You may have to run this as root.

### Migrating from /opt to home
After you have updated, you can run `make migrate` to copy board from /opt/knbnBrd to ~/.local/share/knbnBrd

This will delete the /opt/knbnBrd directory

### Uninstall
- Run `make uninstall` or `knbn uninstall` to uninstall the script

**NOTE:** You may have to run either as root.
